All right.
So in the last one, we implemented the Find My I.D. method, where we pulled that up into the crowd
repository.
And so now we're ready to tackle the find all method and we'll go about it in the same way that we did
the other one.
So we'll start off by just copying all of the find all method currently there, and we'll jump over
to the credit repository class.
And let's just save.
Or rather, let's just paste this right in here.
All right.
And so we'll need to template ties the call to find all sequel.
And how did we name these other ones?
So we'll just replace this with a get find all sequel.
Like so oops and then option return, create abstract method.
Yes, it can return a string.
And we're good there.
And now we need to address this red mark here.
And that just has to do with the fact that now this extract entity from results, that method is defined
to return something of type T, whereas this code here, as it's currently written, is expecting an
actual instance of a person, right?
So we just need to change all of our data types here, right?
So this will become not a person, but a T, and this will become a T.
And I think that did it right there.
And let's rename people to entities maybe sort of shift f into entities.
Right.
So instead of entity, since it was people, it's plural because it's a collection.
Make note of how I'm naming things, by the way, I don't think I've said this explicitly.
So when we deal with collections, I may have mentioned a little bit of this once before, but when
we deal with collections, we should try to name our collection variables.
The plural form of whatever it is that they are meant to store.
Ideally, that has real world meaning rather than using technical terms like set or list things like
that, though sometimes it makes sense to call something a list or a set, but you just want to make
sure that you're doing it from the real world context, perspective and not the computer programming
perspective.
OK.
You know, the whole point of object oriented programming is to model the real world, right?
Not modeling computer science concepts, modeling the real world.
So, I mean, we already have no more red marks.
We might be done with this one.
Let's see if there's anything inside of it that we need to templates, but I don't think so.
We've got the sequel that's going to execute it.
And then you're going to get back a bunch of some things and then for each something, you're going
to map it.
And this is where we've already extracted out that part.
And then you're going to add those some things to a collection and then you're going to return that
collection generically.
So, yeah, I think we're already done with this.
So this is getting even easier, isn't it?
All right.
So let's jump back over to the people repository and we've got something that we need to implement as
usual.
So I'm going to scroll down a little ways here, I guess right here, right above the method that hopefully
is about to go away.
And then I'll do a control.
Oh, and it looks like all that needs to be implemented is this get find all sequel.
So we'll just double click that.
And now I can reference the Find All sequel just like that.
And then I think I can take this find all method.
And first, though, I'll commented out, then jump over to the tests and just run all the tests.
Looking good.
All right, and then I will jump back over here to the people repository and delete the find all method.
And that was so quick, let's go ahead and just do another one.
We might finish this whole thing, in fact, in this lesson.
So the next one is count.
OK, let's grab all of that.
Copy it.
Jump up here.
Jump over to the crud repository.
Go below.
Find all.
Make a new couple of lines.
Paste count.
Now this is one that I forgot to extract the sequel for into a constant anyway.
Well, all right.
So what we'll do here is the same thing we've done before.
We'll just define a get count sequel method like so we will let the idea generate the abstract version
of that for us.
Hit enter to get that and then jump back over to the people repository.
And then we need to implement that, and I will implemented right above the existing count method.
Control.
Oh, to override.
And there's the get count sequel method there.
And now what I will do is what I should have done many lessons ago.
I will select this count sequel right here.
I will first extract the constant still, and I forgot how it was, how I was naming these before.
What are they called?
Fine.
OK, just the verb count.
I guess it's just count sequel.
OK, so select count.
Eskew will enter.
All right, then over here in the Get Count sequel, I will just reference that.
Here we go.
OK.
What else?
That might be it.
Let's clean up these imports also so I can do a control option.
Oh.
Or control Alto, and that just cleans up the imports, gets rid of the imports that are no longer needed
because that code isn't here anymore, it's now in the credit repository.
All right.
So jump back over to the credit repository.
Let's also clean up these imports.
We just got that reference to the person control option or control alt.
Oh, all right.
And then let's find the what was the method count method?
And let's just analyze it real quick and see what we've got here.
Yeah.
So this looks very straightforward.
I think we are done with this.
So let's jump back over to the people repository, and I think we can comment out the count method and
then rerun our tests.
Let's jump over to the tests and rerun them all.
Looking good.
Jump back over to the repository and let's delete the count method.
And now let's go ahead and do delete also.
And we do have a couple versions of Delete, but we'll see what we'll do with that.
All right.
So I'm going to copy the delete method.
Jump back over to the credit repository.
Come down to the count method.
Make a couple new lines, paste.
Change this data Typekit to T.
Change the name with a shift of six to just entity.
Click OK.
Do the same thing here about this sequel here, so I'm going to just.
Replace that with a Get to Elite sequel.
Let the aid create that as an abstract method, hit enter.
And while I'm here, let's see what else.
Yeah, I think that's probably already done.
So then jump back over to the people repository, come down to our delete method right above it, rather
control.
Oh, finally, get Delete sequel to be implemented.
Now select all of this sequel here.
Extract the constant.
And I don't know.
Call it delete.
Sequel and then up here reference that.
Here we go.
And then all of that can be commented, jump over to the tests.
Rerun the tests.
Very good, minimize that jump back over to the repository, delete this implementation.
So you see the pattern here right now, some of you might possibly be a little confused about the fact
that I'm not doing technically like the TED thing.
The reason I'm not is because you write a test first for new functionality.
This isn't technically new functionality.
This is technically just refactoring.
Refactoring is where you're really just reshuffling existing functionality in some other way.
OK.
So as long as I'm not introducing any new functionality, I don't need to start with a new test.
And in fact, because I have a suite of tests for the existing functionality, that's what's giving
me guardrails to feel safe about doing this level of surgery on this class by me, moving things all
over the place.
I can move a little bit at a time, which is what you're seeing me do, right?
I pick up one method and I move it somewhere else.
I make a few changes just to help that new method or that newly moved method work.
Then I then I jump back over to the tests and then I run all the tests to confirm whether or not I broke
any previously existing functionality, which would be in if I had broken previously existing functionality
that would be called a regression, right?
So I'm regression testing my entire repository class each time I make a few changes, right?
I don't try to re-implement every single crud method on this class, all in one fell swoop.
I don't do that.
I make a small change for one test method.
I get rid of all the errors and then I go run the tests.
All right, so let's grab this now.
This one's going to be a little bit different.
I've got something here that I think can probably be template ties.
OK, but anyway, let's copy it, and let's jump up here.
Go over to the repo and come down.
OK, so let me also get rid of that extra space there.
All right.
So let's paste this different version of the delete method.
Let's use the template.
So that's rename this variable here.
Shift six and call.
Call it into entities.
And then let's change this data type from person to just generic tea.
OK, now this may be kind of interesting.
OK, so now this goes red, but I have a feeling that this is going to need to be template taste anyway.
So let's let's look at this now.
We're creating a statement that's generic, but then we're taking our entities and we're turning them
into a stream so that we can extract their ideas.
Well, we might be able to leave this here as long as we don't heartwood this.
So let's see something here.
Now, I'm not sure if this is going to work.
Let's see if we can refer to this class here with the generic type.
Wow, we can do that.
OK.
So this is probably the first time I myself have ever referred to a method reference of a generic type
T, you know, like this.
So that's pretty cool if that really works, especially if that really works, that's going to be cool.
OK, well, then in that case, I guess that line probably can stay there and then we need to extract
out this sequel, though.
Oh, and this is going to be interesting now.
This sequel is going to have to have this colon ides bit in here.
So again, the new method that we're going to extract out here is going to need to mention that maybe
even leave this in as an example.
So I'm going to copy this whole entire line because I might reference that in my Java doc for the new
method that I'm about to create right now.
All right.
And so let's see.
This will be get delete in sequel.
Hopefully, that will not be too confusing, and I missed the little closing quote there.
And so we'll let the A.D. create that now.
The data type for this should just be string.
So for some reason, the A.D. thought that that should be a generic method and we don't need or even
want that to be.
All right.
So there we go.
I just had to get rid of the generic thing there.
All right.
So let's put a Java doc on this.
So forward slash our star star and.
Let's see here.
Should return a sequel string like this, and then I'll just reference the example there.
And that's probably good enough right there.
Other than just be sure to include the.
Named parameter and call it IDs.
OK.
I think that is good.
And so let's jump back over to the people repository jumped down to the remaining save method wherever
it is.
There it is.
OK, so now let's grab.
All of that and extract that out into a constant and I will call it delete in sequel and then appear.
We will override the get delete in sequel method, which is right there, and then we can just reference
our newly created constant delete in sequel.
OK, there we go.
And I think that's it.
And so then I will select all of this comment that out.
Jump over to the tests.
Run all the tests.
Looking good.
I was thrown off for just a second with that little bit there, but that's not related to anything.
So close that jump back over to the people repository and then I can delete that.
All right.
And then we've got update.
So let's try update copy at all.
Jump up into the crud repo.
Come down here below the delete that we just did paste.
Change the name shift six, call it entity woops.
Not all caps into T.
Enter click OK.
Change the data type to just a generic T.
OK.
And so here we've got something that definitely needs to be templated.
All of these lines here at least need to be templated, really.
I don't need to include the this last one in my templating because this is getting the ID and binding
it.
So as long as the last parameter in my supplied sequel is for that ID, which is highly likely because
it's set in the where clause, I would be OK, though I could include it if I wanted maximum flexibility.
But I'm OK with this for now.
OK, so now we did almost the exact same thing for Save.
And in fact, eventually this this this template here for the update and the template that we have for
the save, I think are going to possibly end up getting merged into one.
But let's see.
So we called that map for save.
OK?
All right, so.
I think I will just extract the method out option command.
Yeah.
And we will call this map for update.
All right.
Got all of that, and then I will actually just get rid of the guts of it, though, because this will
be abstract, so I'm replacing all of that with a semicolon and then change the private to abstract.
Yep, there we go.
And I think I would prefer to have this method live next door to its brother or siblings the the save
method, right?
Because they're the same thing.
And I think in the future, these two methods may if I were to keep working on this, I would probably
be able to refactor to the point that these are the same method, actually.
But for right now, you know, one step at a time.
All right.
So let's jump back up here to the update.
So then let's let's select all of this.
And create a get up date sequel method and let the ABC create that as an abstract, and that's fine.
OK.
And then jump back over to the people repository and down to our update method here, and we will let
the A.D. generate these two overwritten methods for us or get them started.
OK, so now we need to get the update sequel, which we have right here.
So again, I will select all of this and then extract out the constant.
Update sequel, and then I will reference that right here.
Update sequel, there we go.
So there's that part and then for the guts here, I just need to grab these four bindings copy, then
come up here.
And paste those, and I think that should be it, and then I can comment this out, jump over to the
tests.
Rerun the tests.
And everything's looking good.
So then I can get rid of this and that.
So now let's see how much easier this looks.
Oh, look at that.
Look at that.
Let's clean up the imports again.
Now that's what I like to see is just a nice, clean look.
How clean that is, right?
Look how clean that is.
Map for save.
It's just down to just the parts that you absolutely have to do to make all of these crud operations
work and none of the extraneous stuff.
The extraneous stuff is shoved in into the closet, right?
Like when you have guests coming over, you just take all your stuff and just shove it all into a closet
so that nobody has to look at that right?
And all they see, is this a nice, clean house, right?
So this is our nice, much cleaner house now.
All right.
So one thing I think I would like to move this method up, just going to cut it, I want to move that
up to where we do a few of these other mapping type things here so that it's a little more like in the
same neighborhood and everything, right?
OK.
Yeah, that is much more concise, much more concise.
Oh, and this method here convert date of birth to time stamp.
Let's see.
Now we're we've been using this.
Oh, right there.
OK, well, that belongs, yeah, I think I think that that's appropriate, then we could take that
method and push it up into the superclass.
But I wouldn't do that until I knew that I needed it for another repository class that we would implement.
So right now, this is the only class that needs that functionality, and it's only being used by these
two methods.
And these two methods have to live in the subclass, not in the superclass.
So for right now, it's it's OK.
I think it's appropriate enough that that method stay here.
All right, man.
That's that's just a work of art right there, and that's looking really nice.
So this is where we get into more of the craftsmanship of writing code.
So we just got to see some more of the the use of generics and abstract classes, super classes, subclasses
also that we could clean up the messiness of the try catch and all that stuff that we had in this class
before.
And now it's just so much more concise.
And more importantly, now we've set ourselves up to be able to create another repository class much
more easily and much more quickly than we had before.
OK.
Because now when we create the next one, we don't have to do anything other than just focus on the
most important bits, and all of the other scaffolding will already be taken care of for us.
OK, so this is one of the types of exercises where you can start to really get an appreciation for
some of the capabilities of object oriented programming.
That's not to say that you couldn't do similarly nice clean up type activities with a different programming
paradigm.
I'm sure you could.
OK, but this is some of how you can do this with object oriented programming.
And it's, you know, it's kind of nice for what it is, right?
So with that, let's bring this lesson to a close and I will see you in the next one.